c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.exe
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.deps.json
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.pdb
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.props
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.props
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.props
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.styles.css
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290Va.E7873A03.Up2Date
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.pdb
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Azure.Core.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Azure.Identity.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NewtonsoftJson.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Memory.Data.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.resources.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net8.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\net8.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\net8.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Steeltoe.Common.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Steeltoe.Common.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Steeltoe.Common.Http.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Steeltoe.Connector.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Steeltoe.Connector.ConnectorBase.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Steeltoe.Discovery.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Steeltoe.Discovery.ClientBase.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Steeltoe.Discovery.ClientCore.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Steeltoe.Discovery.Eureka.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Steeltoe.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\spyro\Desktop\Classes\Academic Year 3\Quarter 1\Service-Based Software Architecture\groupProjPro290\Pro290VaporUserDotNetAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Reflection.MetadataLoadContext.dll
